Add question about rust courses (#244)
rust-lang/surveys: surveys/2023-annual-survey/questions.md

>
> This question is primarily used to funnel respondents into the more specific questions about the kinds of educational activities they've been a part of.

> ### If you took a public course, which one was it?

Author: ```suggestion
### If you consumed learning material about Rust, what kind of content did you consume?
```

> ### If you took a public course, which one was it?
> 
> Type: free text
> 
> > **justification**
> > Justification: getting data here seems helpful for guiding users / recommending public content.

Author: ```suggestion
### If you consumed learning material about Rust, which kind of material did you consume?

Type: select all that apply (optional)

- Books (TRPL, Rust for Rustaceans, etc.)
- Online exercises (Rustlings, Rust by Example, etc.)
- Videos
- Online courses, webinars
- Other (please specify)

> **justification**
> Justification: getting data here seems helpful for guiding users / recommending public content.
```
